Astro CLI Reference Doc + Command Changes (#710)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-logout.md

---
sidebar_label: 'astro logout'
title: 'astro logout'
id: astro-logout
description: Reference documentation for astro logout.
---

## Description

> Unauthenticate from the Astro CLI. Note that this command does not affect your current login session in the Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unauthenticate from the Astro CLI. Note that this command does not affect your current session in the Cloud UI and is not equivalent to clicking on  **Account** > **Logout** via the Cloud UI.
```

Author: We say "and" it sounds like these are two separate details, when really they're describing the same thing.
